If you do not tax very wealthy people,
then they will buy everything. The kids
of ordinary families will own nothing.
And you have this kind of mad situation
where you have like ordinary people with
small amounts of wealth like trying so
hard to protect their tiny amount of
wealth that they're just allowing
themselves to be like eaten by these
billionaires. You know, as these guys
get richer and richer and richer and
richer and richer, what happens is what
ordinary families see is two things.
One, asset prices going up and number
two, young people can't buy assets. And
that's why you see this massive like age
related division in ordinary families
which is older people think that what's
happening is great because they see the
house price going up and they get told
by the newspapers don't worry your kids
will be fine when they stop buying
avocado toast. And this is my message to
older people who own assets if you're
watching your kids will not be fine.
Your kids will not be fine. I have made
millions of pounds betting on the fact
that your kids will not be fine unless
you tax the